Hello my name is Vlad
new narrow our review today with us
there will be not one gadget but two
so here they look enough in
bulky gizmos and they are called
perfeo
elegance and prisms here September 1st Speaker of the
there are dancing musical fountains
Well, I don't know if it's true or
wrong but check
especially here they say nothing but
demonstrate how cool it is
looks like
and tell you a little about the features and
sounds that they make
in general, then let's go
consider these two columns in more detail
does not fit just in the frame so
We use as a background one but all
Now considered in detail
in general, quite interesting in principle
the thing is column fountains i'm from to
I survey the first time use the first
times so it is doubly interesting and good
on this i finish let's go to
review of the speakers themselves
the device wanted to say the device is not
the most common gadget
he carries on the business that before us is a model
to the first she is called
elegance and it has a number like this
has a number on pff double y d from 09 and
Well, also not the easiest name but
here there is something like elegance
here's a dancin 'speaker ie columns
speakers with dancing water then by the way
whether the second box for seedlings
consider and proceed to the review
singhari don't even know which side to
get to this business but let's go over
technical specifications they are in principle
about the same differs only
the look and feel of how is it
everything
is crushed and so this model is with us
called prism
and the number and and p.
wds 10 peak but generally enough
cool and so here 6 watts is enough
all loud qualitatively in this can not
doubt in principle how the speakers are very
cool over not the most important thing not the most
actual feature
let's unpack and see what's in there
actually included in both
speakers everything in the kit lies
about the same speakers themselves
usb cable to connect and
power from your computer yes yes
friends are more nutritious from the usb outlet
your computer so he is sure to
should be free and of course all
all necessary cables
connect to your mobile
device computer and so on
there is a text meter meter
and so here are two things
he is not visible yet
it is worth and dignity all the cables
Now this is the cabin I will lower down and we
visually compare them together I will not
connect while I'll put them like this
They look
this is our model for prism here is not something
like a prism then that plastic or
the glass that is used here
garlic does not want to lie so with its all
Equally made here and now
compare what the other two look like
speakers though well amd ati we now i
I will install and translate the frame so that you
really was interesting
look because here's the top here
probably not prokanaet
well 5 so shoulder and be back and dear
friends let's see everything clearly
how will it work now i will
got these connect them you look
how does it all play like this dick
jerking but also appreciate for
so that everything looks more honest I will not
do a test
the evening before when it gets dark to make
happy afternoon but it's clear that in the evening from all
will look prettier however
in if it is testing and testing the most
harsh conditions
ok start some sort of reminder that we have left
standing on a model called prism of
on the right model called elegance
well let's see what of yourself
represents a prism
and the second part of the composition let's
give up a model called elegance
bacon 2 what we start
and that's all I want to bring small
the result of course is to call it full
review difficult after all rather
a demonstration of some possibility though
it looks like you confess all the same and not bad
interestingly enough especially if you
regard as a gift for example
for the new year will be very soon well
or at least for the Christmas holidays
Well, and in general, you probably
you can surprise your friends and not only
friends of relatives and caught up to overcome
unusual to the boat and in general is quite
for reasonable money in general if you
liked put likes write to
comments on how much you are from
I liked it, but I probably finish it before
next release bye bye